okay let's see if this drug
Works forgive me for staring but you're
very
beautiful thank you that's a great
accent where are you from India oh cool
I've always wanted to go there it's a
beautiful country you'd love it may I
join you uh okay sure why not my name is
Dr Rajesh Kali and this is my friend Dr
Sheldon Cooper hi oh there's no need to
interact with me I'm just here to
observe what's he observing we're
scientists we observe everything he'll
go byy yourself a
scone all
right I'd like to buy a scone oh I'm
sorry we're out we have muffins they
sound delicious but this money is
earmarked for
scones what are you doing oh just
getting
comfortable so how long have you lived
in Los Angeles they were out of scones a
Shon I'm talking to someone you're being
rude I bet you're an actress if not you
should be you have a very expressive
face oh my God wait where are you going
we were doing so well she never even got
to see my
penis
[Music]